Taurus is the second astrological sign in the zodiac, spanning from April 20 to May 20. Symbolized by the Bull, Taurus is known for its grounded and practical nature. People born under this sign are often characterized by their reliability, patience, and strong sense of stability.  
\
Taurus individuals are steadfast and dependable, making them excellent friends and partners. They value consistency and are known for their ability to endure challenges with unwavering determination. With the ruling planet Venus, Taurus also has a deep appreciation for beauty and the finer things in life.  
\
Practicality is a hallmark trait of Taurus. They are often attuned to their senses and find joy in the sensory pleasures of the world, whether it's through enjoying delicious food, engaging with art, or surrounding themselves with comfortable environments. Taurus' attention to detail and their patient approach enable them to create lasting and valuable results.   
\
While Taurus individuals are typically calm and composed, they can also display a stubborn streak. Once they set their sights on a goal or belief, they are not easily swayed. This determination, while admirable, can sometimes lead to resistance to change or new perspectives. 
\
n relationships, Taurus is known for their loyalty and dedication. They value stable and harmonious connections and often create strong bonds with those they care about. While they may take time to fully open up, once trust is established, Taurus is a steadfast and supportive companion. 
\
Taurus' practical approach to life extends to their financial decisions as well. They tend to be wise money managers, valuing security and savings. This innate sense of financial responsibility helps them maintain a sense of stability and comfort. 
\
In summary, Taurus is a sign associated with reliability, practicality, and a deep appreciation for life's comforts. Their determination, loyalty, and ability to create lasting beauty make them an essential and grounding presence in the lives of those around them.